The only way to do great work is to love what you do.
Believe in yourself and all that you are. Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle.
Believe you can and you're halfway there.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
If you can dream it, you can achieve it.
Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going.
I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination.
Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see a shadow.
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.
Life is 10% what happens to us and 90% how we react to it.
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take.
Believe in yourself, take on your challenges, dig deep within yourself to conquer fears. Never let anyone bring you down. You got this.
Your time is limited, don't waste it living someone else's life.
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
Believe in yourself, have faith in your abilities, and everything will fall into place.
Challenges are what make life interesting and overcoming them is what makes life meaningful.
I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions.
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today.
The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to people or things.
Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world.
We may encounter many defeats but we must not be defeated.
The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be.
Success is stumbling from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.
Believe in yourself and you will be unstoppable.
If you want to achieve greatness stop asking for permission.
You are not here merely to make a living. You are here in order to enable the world to live more amply, with greater vision, with a finer spirit of hope and achievement. You are here to enrich the world, and you impoverish yourself if you forget the errand.
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time.
The best way to predict the future is to create it.
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him.
You may have to fight a battle more than once to win it.
Believe in yourself, take on your challenges, dig deep within yourself to conquer fears.
Believe that you can and you're halfway there.
If you want to achieve greatness, stop asking for permission.
Don't let yesterday take up too much of today.
Do not wait for opportunities, create them.
Your only limit is the amount of desire you have.
You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great.
Every day may not be good, but there's something good in every day.
It's not about how hard you hit. It's about how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward.
Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.
If you can't fly, then run, if you can't run, then walk, if you can't walk, then crawl, but whatever you do, you have to keep moving forward.
If you can't fly, then run, if you can't run, then walk, if you can't walk, then crawl, but whatever you do, you have to keep moving forward